- [Instructor] To be successful in this course
there is some baseline knowledge that you will need,
and some software you will need to have installed
on your machine.
First and foremost, as you might imagine,
you will need Java to compile
and execute Quercus based applications.
We'll be using JDK 14 for this course,
you will need to have a JDK installed on your machine.
You can use open JDK, Oracle JDK, or even GraalVM,
just make sure that you have a JDK and not just a JRE.
Now I am going to expect some baseline knowledge of Java.
This isn't a course in Java per se,
but it is a framework built in Java.
We won't do anything outside of some basic Java usage,
but I don't want you to get tripped up
on the Java portions of this course.
So again, some basic knowledge of Java is expected.
Well, now the hard and fast prerequisites.
Some experience with running executable JARs
and embedded servlet containers will help you get past
some of the early complexity of running applications
written with Quercus.
In the same vein, a basic understanding
of the dependency injection pattern will be helpful
as we explain injecting independency injection overall,
in this course.
Now for this course we will be using Maven
for dependency management and build routines.
You will need to have Maven three executable available
to you and on your path, you can install it on your OS,
run it through your IDE,
or use the wrapper scripts that come with Quercus.
Now I'm going to recommend that you use the first option.
Apache has some good instructions on installing Maven
for each operating system,
so I'm going to leave that to them on the actual installation,
check it out on their website and from there
you should be able to do the installation yourself.
Everything we are going to do with Maven,
with the exception of bootstrapping,
can be accomplished with Gradle if you prefer.
While some of my examples will be with Maven,
there are corresponding options with Gradle,
and it will work just fine,
again, outside the bootstrapping.
But you need to know that you're on your own there
in order to make things work the same.
So if possible, I would suggest
that you just go ahead and use Maven.
Now while we will execute compilation routines,
much of our use of Maven comes from managing dependencies,
or extensions, as Quercus calls them,
and that's going to be the primary use for this course.
Now the next piece of software that you will need
on your system, isn't a development environment,
or an IDE, while you can use a text editor just fine,
I recommend that you use a full
integrated development environment or IDE,
tailored specifically for Java.
Now in this course I will be using IntelliJ ultimate edition
because I use JetBrains tools every day,
and for me, they make me feel most comfortable.
Do not feel like you need to use the same IDE that I use.
And I don't expect you to, use what you know.
Every function that I will use in my IDE,
is either available to your IDE,
assuming it's a first-class Java IDE, free or paid,
and also know that if it's not available in the IDE,
it most likely is available on the web,
through a web service call or something to that effect.
And I'm going to call those out when we get there.
Now I want to stress this point very clearly,
you need to be comfortable with the tools you use,
especially your IDE, do not try to mimic solely what I do
in this course, because of the tools that I use.
Again, this course isn't the tools,
it's about Quercus and the software that we will write.
Now because you use your IDE as a tool,
most often when building applications,
what matters here is that you are comfortable with it
and you are familiar with it,
not that you use the same one that I use.
Now the final software package that we will use
in this course is Docker.
This is an entirely optional install,
not all versions of Windows for instance, support Docker.
The installation of Docker is very straightforward,
and the instructions are available on the website
and very well written for Docker itself.
Now we're only going to use Docker
to run our database locally for this course,
and specifically, we're going to use Cassandra.
Now you can install the database locally if you prefer,
or if you cannot run Docker,
but it will be such a small portion of this course,
and the installation of Cassandra is pretty straightforward
from a developer's perspective,
so I'm not going to get too deep into that,
but do know also that there are other options
for running Cassandra, such as Astra from DataStax
where you can use a free web version of Cassandra.
Again, outside the scope of this course,
but there are options if you don't want to install Docker,
or can't install Docker on your machine.
The rest of the tooling that we are going to use
for this course, are standard for modern operating systems.
We're going to use things like the command line.
So be sure you know how to use it for your operating system.
And of course, a web browser,
and I expect that everyone knows how to do that.
So, let's jump in now to some supersonic, subatomic Java.